c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\InventoryManagement.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\InventoryManagement.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\InventoryManagement.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\obj\Debug\InventoryManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\obj\Debug\InventoryManagement.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\obj\Debug\InventoryManagement.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AWSSDK.DynamoDBv2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AWSSDK.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AWSSDK.DynamoDBv2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\AWSSDK.DynamoDBv2.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\MailKit.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\MimeKit.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\MailKit.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\MimeKit.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManagement\InventoryManagement\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
